c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\MobileWorld.dll
c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\MobileWorld.pdb
c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\ApplicationLayer.dll
c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\DataLayer.dll
c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\ApplicationLayer.pdb
c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\DataLayer.pdb
c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\MobileWorld.dll
c:\users\pcuser\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\MobileWorld.pdb
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\MobileWorld.dll
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\MobileWorld.pdb
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\ApplicationLayer.dll
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\DataLayer.dll
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\ApplicationLayer.pdb
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\bin\DataLayer.pdb
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\MobileWorld.dll
\\172.29.20.46\Users\pcuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\MobileWorld.pdb
F:\GitHub\Web Application\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\MobileWorld.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\GitHub\Web Application\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\MobileWorld.dll
F:\GitHub\Web Application\MobileWorld\MobileWorld\obj\Debug\MobileWorld.pdb
